# Supercoefficients for Kerr-catThis project is a python package that demonstrates supercoefficient approach for the analysis of the parametrically driven single-degree-of-freedom circuits, based on the theory presented in the paper [**"Exact amplitudes of parametric processes in driven Josephson circuits"**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.07784).Supercoefficent approach allows to calculate the amplitudes of various parametric processes presentin a circuit Hamiltonian. the bookkeeping is made systematic by coefficients which appropriatelykeep track of the order of each parametric process. The main advantage of the approach that it isagnostic to the system Hamiltonian, reminiscent to a Taylor series of a function:$\hat{{H}}=\omega_0\hat{a}^\dag\hat{a}+&\sum\limits_{ n,l,p=0}^{\{l,p\}^\prime}{C}_{nl,p}(\hat{a}^{\dag n}\hat{a}^{n+l}+\hat{a}^{\dag n+l}\hat{a}^{n})\nonumber\\&\times(e^{ip(\omega_d{t}{+}\gamma)}+e^{-ip(\omega_d{t}{+}\gamma)})$The concrete coeffcients, ${C}_{nl,p}$, contain comprehensive information about the circuit and make it easier to distinguish and track how different properties—such as drive power, circuit topology, and zero-point fluctuations—contribute to the various parametric processes.# installation instructionsThe project requires the following packages:- numpy (mandatory)- sympy (mandatory)- jupyter (for examples)- matplotlib (for examples)Schrieffer-Wolff procedure generator (currently under the development and distributed as a wheel only)-swg (downloadadle from https://dl.cloudsmith.io/public/cs-x033/swg/python/simple/)To install project, execute "pip install -r requirements.txt" in the package directory.The package could be rebuilt locally with "python -m build" and installed with pip from dist directory but still requires "ip install swg --index-url https://dl.cloudsmith.io/public/cs-x033/swg/python/simple/" before swg package is made public.# learning NINABefore using NINA, its useful to have a grasp of [**this article**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2302.03155). It will clarify what the terms **free**, **associated branch** etc. mean in NINA.Code is commented (except for the GUI, for now) and some tutorials will be published soon in the repository.You can start exploring NINA's functionalities running the .ipynb files in 'examples'.# citing NINAIf you use the project for your research, please cite [**this article**](https://arxiv.org/abs/2501.07784).# contactsFor inquiries, comments, suggestions etc. you can contact the authors at **superconducting.nina@gmail.com**.# acknowledgementsNINA uses some GUI widgets from [pyqt-labutils](https://github.com/OE-FET/pyqt-labutils) repo.